normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. no focal airspace consolidation. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. . . 
no acute disease. left picc line and ng tube remain in xxxx. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. heart size is normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. visualized osseous structures appear intact. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bone abnormality. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the heart is normal in size. the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. low lung volumes. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. heart size is normal. . . . 
normal chest. please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute pulmonary findings. . . 
no evidence of active disease. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. calcified granuloma is identified. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. . . 
heart size is normal lungs are clear. lungs are clear. right knee. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. . . . 
cardiomegaly but no focal consolidation. no acute pulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. the lungs are clear. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. aortic xxxx cardiac apex and stomach are leftsided. central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the visualized xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary disease process identified. the heart size is enlarged. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. there is no focal consolidation. there is no acute pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. 
negative for acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . . . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no evidence of active tuberculosis. the lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no focal areas of consolidation. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no acute pulmonary findings. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid svc. right hemidiaphragm elevation with crowded markings in the right lung base. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. normal pulmonary vasculature. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. xxxx are normal. xxxx are unremarkable. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusions. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. scoliosis as before. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. degenerative changes in the spine. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. stable mediastinal contour. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. 
heart size within normal limits. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. low lung volumes are present. streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities left greater than right. no definite pleural effusion seen. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . 
prominent interstitial markings xxxx represent xxxx bronchiolitis. midline sternotomy xxxx. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. no suspicious pulmonary opacities. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no pleural effusions. 
moderate rightsided pneumothorax measuring approximately cm in the right apex. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. there is a minimally displaced right lateral th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral th rib fracture. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. degenerative changes in the spine. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. the lungs are clear. there are no focal areas of consolidation. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. . . 
no acute pulmonary process. normal cardiac contour. the heart is normal in size. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the heart is normal in size. mild fullness of the left hilum small interval change from prior exam. no pneumothorax. 
cardiomegaly and pulmonary vascular congestion. low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. heart size normal. . . 
no acute findings. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . . . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. heart size is within normal limits. mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. . . . 
stable emphysematous changes. specifically no radiographic evidence of aspiration. no focal areas of consolidation. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. the thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. heart size is normal. no focal consolidation is seen. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable calcified granulomas. the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. there is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. no acute osseous findings. 
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. the mediastinum is unremarkable. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no nodules or masses. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion. . . 
focal area of xxxx scarring or atelectasis within the lingula. recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass. pulmonary vascularity is normal. the heart is normal. the heart and mediastinum are normal. no pleural effusion. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . 
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal pulmonary vasculature. no pleural effusions. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. no focal airspace consolidation. xxxx xxxx in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity. no acute bony abnormality. . 
chronic changes without acute process. the heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema. right upper lobe granuloma stable the lungs are normally inflated and clear. . . 
bullous emphysema and interstitial fibrosis. heart size within normal limits. this may irregular pleuralparenchymal scarring however recommend comparison with more remote outside imaging if available to determine longterm stability. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a right lower lobe pneumonia. the lungs now appear clear. the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. the lungs are wellaerated. the skeletal structures are normal. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx. there are endplate changes in the spine. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. there is no pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the trachea is midline. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. there is no pneumothorax. . . 
exam is technically limited by patients body habitus. there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. heart size is stable. heart size is within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size normal. 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. no acute osseous abnormality. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size within normal limits. lungs are clear. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. clear lungs. heart size is upper limits of normal. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or effusions. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. there are low lung volumes. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered xxxx opacities in the bilateral lung bases. low lung volumes. no focal consolidation is seen. no pleural effusion. there is a small left pleural effusionhemothorax. 
no evidence of active disease. the lungs appear clear. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. . . 
vague opacity in the right midlung this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is no focal consolidation. pleural spaces are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute osseous abnormality
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no nodules or masses. heart size normal. mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . 
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. . . . 
borderline heart size. aortic atherosclerosis. recommend followup to ensure complete resolution. rightsided central catheter tip low svc. ng tube has been removed. there is mild xxxxdistention of this stomach. similar appearance to the prior study. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size moderately enlarged stable mediastinal contours. no focal consolidation. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. . . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. no pleural effusion is identified. bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable. . . 
stable xxxx silhouette. no acute pulmonary disease process. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. the lungs are clear. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. may be granulomas or bone islands. there are diminished lung volumes with xxxx xxxx hypoventilatory changes. there is no pneumothorax. right picc line is in xxxx. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pleural effusion
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. heart size normal. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . . 
stable appearance of the chest. the cardiac contours are normal. aortic calcification. prior granulomatous disease. there are no focal areas of consolidation. thoracic spondylosis. prior anterior cervical fusion. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. no focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. bony structures are intact. . . 
xxxx left effusion in the left lateral costophrenic recess. no acute findings. pulmonary vascularity is normal. there is a focal area of scarring or xxxx atelectasis identified in the lingula. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. the lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. no pneumothorax. 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of active tuberculosis. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. there is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. no airspace disease effusion or cavitary nodule. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no xxxx of pleural effusions
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. no pneumothorax. nodular opacity projecting over the posterior right th rib and xxxx reflects granuloma. the xxxx are intact. . 
persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx. the patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . no focal infiltrate. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute osseous abnormality. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size is normal. low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. . . . 
suboptimal inspiration with mild bibasilar hypoventilation and some subsegmental atelectasis within right middle lobe. there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis. there are small bilateral pleural effusions left greater than right with left basilar opacities. no acute osseous abnormalities identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. . . 
heart size is normal. normal heart size. no definite pleural effusion seen. no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. there is no pleural effusion or the heart is normal. the heart and mediastinum are normal. . . . 
stable appearance of the chest without focal air space disease. low lung volumes. low lung volumes. no focal infiltrates. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . 
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings. no acute pulmonary disease. no edema. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. negative for acute bone abnormality. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute pulmonary disease. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. heart size normal. no focal air space opacities. no pleural effusion. no free subdiaphragmatic air. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. the visualized bony structures are intact. the lungs are clear. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is stable mild xxxx deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body. . . 
hyperexpanded lungs suggesting emphysema. xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained. the heart size is normal. there is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. there is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view suggestive of small hiatal hernia. the lungs are otherwise clear. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size and contour. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are no acute bony findings. . . 
chronic lung changes without acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no xxxx of the pleural effusions. no xxxx of active tuberculosis. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion. there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. no xxxx consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is minimal scarring within the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise clear. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. . 
ap lateral view soft tissue neck. the heart is normal in size and contour. no focal airspace consolidations. pa and lateral views of the chest. no acute pulmonary findings. . . 
stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process. the heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are seen. 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the heart is normal in size and contour. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary edema. . . 
no acute pulmonary disease. the heart size is normal. there is no pleural effusion. the heart is normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. senescent changes of the spine are seen. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours coronary artery stent artifact xxxx xxxx and clips suggest cabg. calcified right hilar lymph xxxx. heart size within normal limits. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. degenerative changes thoracic spine. 
no evidence of active disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine. . . 
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion. study is somewhat limited by body habitus. stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality seen. degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . 
stable mild cardiomegaly. no visible active cardiopulmonary disease. no xxxx infiltrates. the heart is large. the lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. the lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there is no acute bony abnormality seen. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no pneumothorax. degenerative changes of the spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. there are scattered calcified granulomas. no definite pleural effusion seen. no lobar consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormality. . 
no active disease. normal heart size. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx are normal. . . . 
normal chest. heart size and vascularity normal. pulmonary vascularity normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. . . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. there is no focal consolidation. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. no acute bony findings. no acute bony findings
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of metastatic disease to the lungs. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process. clear lungs. lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is mildly enlarged. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. no acute bony abnormality. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. exact etiology of these is unclear. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . 
no acute abnormality. normal heart size. stable mild hyperinflation right apical pleuralparenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. no acute airspace disease or chf. normal heart size and mediastinum. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits. 
no acute findings. frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no pleural effusion. . . . 
patchy right lower lobe airspace disease may be due to atelectasis or infiltrate. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. there is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. there is a xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view. there is no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . 
stable appearance of the chest. no acute findings. negative for vascular congestion. the heart is normal. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. left lung clear. degenerative changes spine. degenerative changes spine
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no acute osseous abnormality. no effusions. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no acute bony abnormalities. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. . . . 
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no convincing acute bony findings. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . . 
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease. the trachea is midline. right lung base airspace disease on frontal xxxx. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no acute bone abnormality. . 
no acute findings. heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. heart and mediastinum appear normal. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts healed right lateral th rib fracture noted. . . 
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease. low lung volumes with left lower lung atelectasis. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. the heart is normal in size. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no pneumothorax. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. the mediastinum is unremarkable. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. the thoracic spine appears intact. . 
question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is mild cardiomegaly. there is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. there is minimal rightsided pleural effusion. there is minimal rightsided pleural effusion. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. there is a xxxx xxxx of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. no pneumothorax. no acute osseous findings. . . 
no acute pulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. the soft tissues are normal. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. mild cardiomegaly. stable mild cardiomegaly. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. visualized osseous structures appear intact. . . 
lumbar spine. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is a right upper lobe nodule measuring mm in diameter. no pneumothorax. heart size normal. there is a right chest xxxx with tip projecting over the lower svc. there are sclerotic lesions within the xxxx better visualized on the comparison xxxx scan. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule. stable left lower lobe mm granuloma adjacent to the heart xxxx. multiple coarse calcifications in the epigastrium are seen on the lateral radiograph not well localized on the frontal image. could represent pancreatic parenchymal calcifications of chronic pancreatitis or old granulomatous sequela. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. normal heart size. no focal airspace consolidations. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. minimal degenerative spurring of midthoracic spine. heart size and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. prior cholecystectomy. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not wellseen on todays study xxxx summation artifact. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. there are no focal air space consolidations. the heart size is within normal limits. pleural spaces are clear. soft tissue xxxx previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved. 
heart size within normal limits. stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity. no edema. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion xxxx. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are tspine osteophytes. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. normal heart size. degenerative changes are present in the spine. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes. the lungs are otherwise clear. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. degenerative changes in the spine. . 
no acute pulmonary findings. no acute pulmonary findings. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. prosthetic right shoulder. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. thoracic spondylosis. degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal airspace consolidation. the heart is normal in size. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. the osseous structures are intact. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the lungs are clear. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. no pneumothorax. no evidence of active tuberculosis. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no acute osseous abnormality. the heart size is normal. heart size within normal limits. both lungs clear and expanded. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size is normal. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. heart size is normal. . . 
no acute pulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is a xxxx xxxx nodular density at the left lung base. the lungs are otherwise grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. 
low lung volumes. opacity in the lingula is favored to represent prominent pericardial fat but lingular atelectasis or infiltrate cannot be ruled out. consider xxxx of the neck and nasopharynx with intravenous contrast if there is no known potential xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips overlying. there is no pneumothorax. there is no pneumothorax. there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. no radiographic evidence of active tb. normal heart. there is no focal consolidation. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . 
mild bibasilar airspace disease probably atelectasis. no acute airspace consolidation or effusions. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. small hiatal hernia. . . 
there is a left ij tunneled for catheter tip near the caval atrial junction. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. right chest xxxx tip in the low svc. no edema. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pulmonary mass seen. . 
xxxx left lower lobe nodule. appearance xxxx atelectasis. no acute bony abnormalities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the xxxx are intact. . 
hyperexpanded lungs. xxxx right upper lobe scarringatelectasis. there is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. there is no focal airspace consolidation. the left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits
stable cardiomegaly without acute abnormality. interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion xxxx intact without complicating features. no abnormal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no change. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. this may represent an early pneumonia. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusion is identified. . . 
streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. small hiatal hernia noted. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . . 
hyperexpanded lungs otherwise clear. heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size and mediastinal contour. . . 
normal chest. heart size normal. lungs are clear. xxxx are normal. negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . 
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. prominent pulmonary arteries. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is no focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation. . there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest with overlying xxxx xxxx or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view with correlate on lateral view. 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there is a small stable xxxx foreign body noted over the left chest. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. right paratracheal density possibly reactive lymphadenopathy. heart size within normal limits. no pleural effusions. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. no pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. heart size is normal. heart and mediastinum unchanged. no change hiatus hernia. . 
negative for acute abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion. . . . 
no evidence of active disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. the lungs are normally inflated and clear. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. . . . 
normal chest. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. pulmonary vascularity is normal. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine. . 
emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings. lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no bony abnormality. . 
no acute findings. the heart is normal in size. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern. 
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear. heart size is normal. lungs are hyperexpanded. please xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx to be followed up as per history. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. . 
patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. there are low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci which may reflect xxxx effusions. there is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci which may reflect xxxx effusions. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no lobar consolidation. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. . . no acute bony abnormality. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no acute osseous abnormality. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormalities. . 
no evidence of active disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. calcified granuloma is identified. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal in size. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. degenerative changes are present in the spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous findings. . . 
no active disease. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. both lungs are clear and expanded. heart and mediastinum normal. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. no pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. there are no acute osseous abnormalities. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of active tuberculosis. normal heart size. the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no focal areas of consolidation. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute osseous abnormality. no acute osseous abnormality
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. lungs are clear. there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable. . . 
mild cardiomegaly. the heart is normal in size. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. mediastinum is unremarkable. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. . 
no acute findings. the heart is normal in size. the lungs are grossly clear. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. normal heart size. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute focal space opacities. no acute bony abnormalities. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal bony abnormality. xxxx and curvilinear xxxx densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity. the lung volumes are low. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no acute bony abnormalities. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart size is upper limits of normal. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there are no acute bony findings. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. the lungs are clear. the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no acute osseous findings. . . 
no acute xxxx related findings. heart size is normal. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. . . . 
limited exam no definite acute intrathoracic finding. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. normal heart size. heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes in the spine. . . 
clear lungs. the heart is normal in size. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size. lungs are clear. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate effusion or pneumothorax. multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. mediastinal contour within normal limits. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. lungs are clear bilaterally. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. mild right apex curvature of the upper thoracic spine is nonspecific and could be related to patient positioning. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusion. . . 
streaky left basilar airspace opacities which could reflect atelectasis andor infection. low lung volumes. low lung volumes. there is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. there is minimal rightsided pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax. there is adjacent compressive atelectasis. the heart is not significantly enlarged
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no focal lung consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusions. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute process. the cardiac contours are normal. calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. the lungs are clear. thoracic spondylosis. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. no focal consolidation. no focal areas of consolidation. no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no pleural effusion. no acute bony abnormality. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax pleural effusion. . . 
blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx. right base xxxxfluid level. blunting of the costophrenic xxxx xxxx represents scarring. there is no focal airspace consolidation. a to xxxx post treatment interval film would be reasonable to allow clearing of inflammatory opacities. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are hypoventilated. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. no pleural effusion. there is no evidence of pneumothorax. . 
core irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum may represent an ageindeterminate nondisplaced fracture. as prior chest xxxxx are not available online at this xxxx should be considered. lungs are hyperexpanded. there is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. the mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is no pneumothorax. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax. no convincing acute bony findings. . . 
normal chest exam. the lungs are hypoventilated. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusion is identified. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. the lungs are otherwise clear. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or effusion. visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the lungs are clear bilaterally. stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. stable chronic blunting of the lateral left costophrenic xxxx. . no acute bony abnormality. . 
no acute pulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary process. tortuous aorta. question left atrial enlargement xxxx appreciated on lateral view. lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. no pneumothorax or effusion identified. no acute bony abnormality. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. . . . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. partially visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus. partially visualized orif xxxx involving the left proximal humerus
no active cardiopulmonary disease. bibasilar airspace opacities and bilateral pleural effusions. the heart is borderline in size. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize. ct chest may be helpful to further characterize. postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion
stable chronic changes. cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. there is stable mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. there are grossly intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips. there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. . 
small right apical pneumothorax. right middle and lower lobe patchy opacities xxxx residual atelectasis. the heart size is within normal limits. normal cardiomediastinal contours. no pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. stable thoracic spine. scattered bilateral granulomas
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size normal. lungs are clear. stable xxxx foreign body over the left breast xxxx nipple piercing. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. . . 
right subclavian catheter distal tip in the region of the subclavian vein at the level of clavicular head. mildly enlarged cardiac silhouette cardiomegaly versus pericardial effusion. in the interval consolidation and atelectasis of the left lower lobe. left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia. left base opacities again noted stable. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is a left basilar opacity xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay and minimal bibasilar scarring
no acute pulmonary disease. the cardiac contours are normal. there is no pleural effusion. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there are degenerative changes of the spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal in size and contour. there is no mediastinal widening. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. . . . 
heart size is normal lungs are clear. lungs are clear. lungs are clear. no edema or effusions. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. large bilateral pulmonary arteries suggestive of pulmonary arterial hypertension. the heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. there is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. no xxxx of pleural effusions. no pulmonary edema. normal heart size. normal heart size
no acute abnormality demonstrated. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no acute osseous abnormality identified. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. stable mild interstitial prominence. no pneumothorax pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. lungs are clear. aorta is somewhat tortuous. degenerative changes in the spine. . 
bilateral small pleural effusions and associated atelectasis. increased interstitial markings in the lower lungs edema versus chronic interstitial changes. the heart is enlarged. there is stable cardiomegaly with xxxx pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. calcification is seen within the aortic xxxx. no visualized pneumothorax. no large pleural effusion. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear bilaterally. specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality. mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine this may be positional. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. cardiac silhouette within normal limits. normal heart size. xxxx are normal. visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size mediastinal contours. eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. no focal airspace consolidation. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size. heart size normal. no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. right midlung granuloma. no suspicious appearing nodules identified. heart size is normal. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . 
question small amount of free intraperitoneal air on the right. this may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction. left basilar airspace opacity atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. there is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. there is a small left pleural effusion. there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. stable borderline cardiomegaly stable mediastinal and hilar contours. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. there is no pneumothorax. . . 
no active disease. lungs are clear. no focal airspace consolidation. the lungs are clear without acute infiltrate effusion or pneumothorax. . the osseous structures are intact. . 
borderline cardiac enlargement. no definite pleural effusion seen. opacities in the bilateral upper lobes could represent scarring however the absence of comparison exam recommend short interval followup radiograph or ct thorax to document resolution. multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no xxxx acute abnormalities since the previous chest radiograph. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no evidence of pulmonary nodules. a single nonsclerotic mid thoracic vertebral xxxx fracture is present. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. a few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. no pleural effusions. 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. normal pulmonary xxxx. xxxx are normal. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. the lungs are clear. the lungs are clear. . 
no acute disease. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the lungs are clear. . . . 
clear lungs. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the heart size is normal. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. heart size normal. negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart is normal in size. no focal consolidation pleural effusion pneumothoraces. no suspicious appearing lung nodules are identified. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. no focal lung consolidation. heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. xxxx are normal. no acute bony abnormalities. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. low lung volumes are present. the heart size is within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine no xxxx deformity. . 
negative for acute abnormality. wellexpanded and clear lungs. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. no pleural effusion. no convincing acute bony findings. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. lungs are clear. no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. lungs are free of focal airspace disease. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. the descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. there are vascular calcifications over the aortic xxxx. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs appear clear. the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart is not significantly enlarged. there are calcifications projecting of the left midlung unchanged from prior this is is xxxx sequela of prior granulomatous disease. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax. there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusion is identified. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. no acute pulmonary disease. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is a moderate hiatal hernia. the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. there is no large pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. there are no acute bony findings. there are no acute bony findings. 
stable left lower lobe scarring or atelectasis. the heart is normal in size. the heart is normal in size. the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. the heart is normal in size. the appearance of the right base opacity xxxx atelectasis. no acute bony findings. no free air is demonstrated
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are hypoventilated. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. normal heart size and mediastinal contours. no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. . . . 
no evidence of active disease. no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. there is no focal air space consolidation. no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the mediastinum is unremarkable. lungs are mildly hypoinflated. there is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. . . 
right sided pleural effusion. xxxx deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body xxxx relates to xxxx deformity described on previous ct scan. there has been interval development of a large rightsided pleural effusion. clear right lung. there are postsurgical changes of the abdomen. there is no pneumothorax. there is xxxx left basilar opacity. 
no acute findings. there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy xxxx. the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits. there is at xxxx one leftsided coronary artery stent. there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. there are no acute bony findings. there are cholecystectomy clips. 
no acute disease. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. . . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval. normal heart size. no acute bony abnormalities. . . . 
right basal acute airspace disease. otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view. interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. there are no nodules or masses. there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. 
no acute pulmonary disease. there is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. lungs are clear. the heart and mediastinum are normal. the skeletal structures are normal. bony structures are intact. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no pneumothorax. the mediastinum is unremarkable. the chest xxxx is in satisfactory position. there is no pneumothorax. no pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no pneumothorax or effusion. there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. no evidence of pneumonia. lungs are otherwise clear. heart size and mediastinal silhouette appear stable. no pneumothorax. calcified granuloma is present in the left lung. . 
negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. no focal airspace consolidation. cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. normal xxxxx of chest. no acute bony abnormalities. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. heart size is normal. the cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the xxxx of normal. there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there are no acute bony findings. . . 
clear lungs. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. the lungs are free of focal airspace disease. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. no pneumothorax. . . 
focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. there is a small right pleural effusion. pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. no pleural effusion. no evidence of pneumothorax. degenerative changes thoracic spine. 
no acute disease. heart size is normal. the mediastinum is stable. the lungs are clear without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the lungs are clear. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. there are mild degenerative changes of the spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. normal heart. clear lungs. cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation. . . 
patchy right middle lobe airspace disease. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. lungs are clear without focal consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. . . 
no residual right pleural effusion identified status post thoracentesis. bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions. there is mild cardiomegaly. there is mild calcification of the transverse xxxx. left upper extremity picc terminates in the lower svc. there is no pneumothorax. . 
no evidence of active disease. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate. the lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. . 
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. . . 
no evidence of active disease. the lungs are clear. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified. no convincing acute bony findings. . . 
no acute abnormality. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. normal pulmonary vascularity. there is no focal airspace opacity. no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the lungs are otherwise clear. mild degenerative changes of the spine. 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. mediastinal contour is unremarkable. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. no acute bone abnormality. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. there is no effusion or pneumothorax. . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities. lungs are clear. no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified. . 
right upper lobe pneumonia. xxxx since xxxx. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. the mediastinal contours are unremarkable. heart size is within normal limits. limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. the heart is normal in size. there is no focal airspace consolidation. there is no focal airspace consolidation. no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. no pleural effusion. no xxxx of acute cardiopulmonary disease. 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process. no acute pulmonary findings. fractured xxxx sternotomy xxxx without evidence of complication. the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. the lungs are wellexpanded and clear. the lungs are well aerated. there is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. there is irregularity of the th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. the heart is normal in size. there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. the heart and mediastinum are normal. . . . 
asymmetric right medial apical opacity which may be attributable to the sternoclavicular joint. opacity is favored to associated but stable. there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. no pleural effusion. no pneumothorax. no acute bone abnormality. 
no acute cardiopulmonary process. lungs are clear. no focal airspace disease. degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings. heart size within normal limits. no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen. no typical findings of pulmonary edema. no pneumothorax. . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease. heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. no lobar consolidation. no lobar consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax. . . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. the lungs are hypoventilated. no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable. bony structures are within normal limits. . . 